Add target audiences to the contribution guidelines (#4723)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CONTRIBUTING.md

We'd love your help! Please join our weekly [SIG
meeting](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community#special-interest-groups).

## Target audiences

The OpenTelemetry Collector has two main target audiences:

> 1. End-users, aiming to use an OpenTelemetry Collector binary as a middleware on their infra, sitting between their

Reviewer: I would remove the "usage example". Want to make sure that we don't limit to that usage :) Or say that as an example "a middleware ..."

Reviewer 2: Do we need to refer to "middleware"? Just saying "use binary" should be enough, I think. 
```suggestion
1. End-users, aiming to use an OpenTelemetry Collector binary.
```

Author: Done

workloads and the telemetry data storage.

> 1. Downstream distributions, which can be an official one as part of the OpenTelemetry Collector project, such as the

Reviewer: I know markdown does the right thing, but please use 2 :))

Reviewer 2: "Downstream" is a bit confusing term, if possible let's avoid using it.
```suggestion
1. Collector distributions, which depend on OpenTelemetry Collector "core" repository. Distributions can be an official OpenTelemetry community project, such as the
```

Reviewer: Great minds think alike, see https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/4723#discussion_r789882513

Author: I replaced "Downstream distributions" with "Collector distributions", as I don't think there's a missing context with this change and it's likely clearer to a broader audience. Thanks for the suggestion.

> 1. Downstream distributions, which can be an official one as part of the OpenTelemetry Collector project, such as the

Reviewer: What do you think "Downstream" -> "Third Party"?

Reviewer 3: I think downstream is appropriate here since even the first party distributions fall in this scope.  Currently the communication is simplified by the fact that the same group of people, by and large, are working both on the core framework and on the first party distributions, but that may not always be the case.

Reviewer 4: Agree that third-party doesn't seem appropriate here because of the first party distributions. We use the words upstream / downstream within communications of the AWS distro among our team a lot but I don't know if that's common or standard - here it seems just the word "Distributions" without any qualifier is already clear enough if it isn't.

Author: Upstream/downstream is prevalent in other places as well, such as Linux distributions.

> "core" and "contrib", or external distributions, such as other open-source projects building on top of the collector or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Collector "contrib", or external distributions, such as other open-source projects building on top of the Collector or
```

vendor-specific distributions.

### End-users

End-users are the target audience for our binary distributions, as made available via the
[opentelemetry-collector-releases](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases) repository. To
them, stability in the behavior is important, be it runtime or configuration. They are more numerous and harder to get
in touch with, making our changes to the collector more disruptive to them than to other audiences. As a general rule,
whenever you are developing OpenTelemetry Collector components (extensions, receivers, processors, exporters), you
should have end-users' interests in mind. Similarly, changes to code within packages like `config` will have an impact
on this audience. Make sure to cause minimal disruption when doing changes here.

### Downstream distributions

> In this capacity, the opentelemetry-collector repository acts as an API for other projects. This audience cares mostly

Reviewer 5: Maybe be specific about what API you are talking about:

`the opentelemetry-collector repository's public Go types, functions, and interfaces act as an API for other projects`

> about API compatibility, making them susceptible to our refactorings, even though suhch changes wouldn't cause any

Reviewer 5: s/suhch/such

Author: Oops, thanks for catching that.

> other projects. This audience cares mostly about API compatibility, making them susceptible to our refactorings, even

Reviewer: They also care about the "end-user" part, because they probably have end-users as well. So probably "on top" of what the end users care about, ...

Author: > In addition to the end-user aspect mentioned above, this audience also cares about API compatibility,
making them susceptible to our refactorings
